---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/dm-resources/campaign-log/","created":"2025-03-15T11:07:52.334-07:00"}
---

Last session [[Player Characters/Velkorr\|Velkorr]] and [[Player Characters/Faffie\|Faffie]] met up with two new members of their new adventuring group, [[Player Characters/Kel\|Kel]] and [[Player Characters/Thorne\|Thorne]] in [[World/Korlornium/Caldirth/Duskwind Landing/The Sunken Sail\|The Sunken Sail]]. Here they noticed a few gnomes wander through the door, which was odd. They approached them and befriended the gnome named [[World/Korlornium/Caldirth/Duskwind Landing/Unassuming NPC's/Melkor Fluffybottom\|Melkor Fluffybottom]]. Melkor told the group about weird sounds coming from the old ruins that have the gnomes spooked as the reside in the forest. He then led the gang to the forest and left them near the ruins where the party had to find their way for rest. They eventually found the ruins and fought a battle against some animated stone statues which seemed to be protecting a sand pit. After figuring that there may be something hidden beneath the sandpit [[Player Characters/Velkorr\|Velkorr]] agreed to test it out and submitted to the earth.  As he was engulfed he began to breathe sand and  witnessed a large stone figure in white light. The stone figure touched his face and everything faded to black. The party tried to rescue [[Player Characters/Velkorr\|Velkorr]] through pulling on some rope, but he naturally ascended on his own. From there the ground began to quake and revealed a hidden passage buried in the sand.